Bryan Eisenstadt: Thank you
for joining today's session.
We're excited to provide you
with an update
to subscription offer codes
which brings custom code
functionality to the feature.
I'm Bryan and I'm part of the
App Store Monetization team.
Raul Basurto Rosenzweig: And
I'm Raul, a developer advocate
for the App Store Commerce team.
Bryan: And together,
we're excited to share more
about custom offer codes.
Let's jump into the first part
of the presentation.
I'll start with a brief recap
of our offer codes feature,
then I'll walk through the new
capabilities of custom codes.
I'll discuss some
suggested use cases,
and I'll finish
with a walkthrough
of creating a custom code
campaign in App Store Connect.
So let's get started.
Today we're excited to discuss
a new custom code functionality
that has joined the existing
capability of offer codes.
Before we dive into
this new function,
let's briefly discuss
what's been previously shared
about offer codes.
As a refresher,
offer codes are a dynamic tool
that can help you
acquire, retain,
and win back subscribers.
You can choose
to distribute them
across both your online
and offline channels.
And they can be served to new,
existing, and lapsed customers.
Once distributed, there are
a few options you can choose
to ensure your customers can
seamlessly redeem their offers
and begin their subscriptions.
At the end of the offer period,
the subscription autorenews
at the standard price,
unless the subscriber cancels
or turns off autorenewal.
Offer codes are complementary
to our two other offer types --
intro and promotional offers --
but give you the choice
of added flexibility,
since offer codes
are the only offer type
that can be distributed
outside of your app.
We launched offer codes in 2020
with the ability to create
unique, one-time-use,
alphanumeric codes that
are distributed to customers
on a one-to-one basis and
are redeemed in the App Store
or directly in your app
when using the StoreKit method.
These codes are ideal
for instances
where access needs
to be restricted,
such as when bundling codes with
the purchase of a physical good
or when using codes to rectify
customer support issues.
Now, let's discuss
the capabilities we've added
with the introduction
of custom codes.
Custom codes now enable you
to create and distribute
memorable custom codes
such as "NEWYEAR"
that can be redeemed
by multiple customers.
You're able to set
redemption limits
and choose whether or not
to set an expiration date.
Custom codes offer a simple
distribution and redemption flow
that's ideal for campaigns
that require mass distribution.
As with one-time-use codes,
you can use custom codes
to create free, pay as you go,
and pay up front offers.
You can create up to ten active
offers per subscription SKU
at any given time
and have the ability
to create batches
of between 500 to 25,000 codes,
up to a maximum of 150,000
per app, per quarter.
You're able to choose
each batch's expiration date,
but expiration dates
are not required.
Finally, redemption
is supported on iOS
and iPadOS 14.2 and later.
The Apple UI handles
the full redemption experience
and automatically prompts users
to install your app
if they don't currently
have it downloaded.
Customers can seamlessly
redeem a code
from within your app
when you use
thepresentCodeRedemptionSheet()
StoreKit method.
When choosing this flow,
we recommend adding
a Redeem Code button
to your app's paywall
to reduce customer friction,
like in this example here.
After a customer taps
the custom Redeem button,
the system
automatically provides
a series of code
redemption screens,
the first being
the code input page.
Once a customer types
in the code
and that code is valid,
the offer details pages shown.
If for any reason
the code isn't valid,
the customer will see
a clear error message
explaining why the offer
is unavailable to them.
If you would prefer to let Apple
handle the entire redemption,
custom codes
can also be redeemed
via a URL or QR code,
which deep links users
directly to the App Store
redemption flow.
Unlike one-time-use codes,
custom codes are not
manually redeemable
through the App Store
gift card redemption flow.
Raul will discuss how
to recognize transactions
made outside of your app
later on in this presentation.
Here, I'd like to help you
visualize the differences
and similarities of our
different types of offer codes.
Custom codes enable you
to create uniquely named codes
that can be widely distributed,
and you have the option
to choose whether or not
to set an expiration date.
Whereas one-time-use codes
are randomly generated,
alphanumeric codes
that can only be redeemed once.
One-time-use codes
automatically expire
six months from the date
they're created,
but you can choose to make
the expiration window smaller
if you prefer.
And regardless of which
offer code you choose,
you're able to distribute
your codes
across your online
and offline channels.
You can create campaigns
targeted towards new,
existing, and lapsed customers,
and the Apple UI will handle a
seamless redemption experience.
Finally, a code's discount
will automatically renew
at the standard
subscription price.
Now, let's discuss some ways
that you can use custom codes
to support your campaigns.
There are a number
of different ways
both custom and one-time-use
offer codes can be used,
and you have the flexibility
to distribute them
however you'd like.
Codes can be distributed
as an add-on
where a subscription service
compliments a physical good
or service.
In your marketing channels --
both digital like email
or physical like billboards --
to acquire
or win back subscribers.
In physical retail or at events,
including industry conferences.
Distributed via
third-party partners
as part of comarketing campaigns
and partner
marketing initiatives.
Or by customer support teams
who might give a customer
a free or discounted period
in lieu of sending the customer
to AppleCare for a refund.
But I'd like to dial into these
three categories, specifically,
to show how the added
functionality of custom codes
can help support
these use cases.
Custom codes add new flexibility
to distribute offer codes
in your digital
marketing channels.
For example,
you could consider running
a spring break
social media campaign
that includes the custom code in
the campaign copy "SPRING2022"
for 50 percent off
of your first month.
Here's an example of how
that could look in execution,
using a hypothetical
music streaming app
that's promoting
a 50 percent discount
using the custom code
"100MUSIC"
on their annual plan
via a social media post.
Additionally, custom codes
make it easier than ever
to distribute codes on flyers
that are passed out at events
like industry conferences
or concerts.
With this approach, you can
consider giving event attendees
a three-month, extended
free trial to your subscription
by printing the custom code
"THREEMONTHSFREE"
onto flyers that are handed out
at the event venue.
In this example, the music
streaming app is offering
an extended free trial
to music festival attendees
by printing the custom code
"MUSICFAN" onto flyers
that are handed out
at a concert venue.
Alternatively,
this is how it might look
if 100 Music decided
to use a QR code
to direct users directly to the
redemption flow of the offer.
If the user doesn't already
have the app installed,
they'll first be prompted
to download it.
And finally, custom codes
can be used to help amplify
your third-party
partnerships.
For example, you can now have
social media influencers
or podcasters share custom codes
through their preferred medium
as a means
to increase awareness
of the discounted campaign
you're running.
And here's an example
of 100 Music
partnering with an influencer
to promote their product's
playlisting capabilities.
The influencer promotes
the subscription and offers up
a 20 percent discount
on three months of service
using the custom code
"JOHNNYSPLAYLIST."
Now that we know what custom
codes are and how they're used,
I'll now walk through
how you can create them
in App Store Connect.
In order to set up
offer code campaigns,
you need to be assigned
as either the account holder,
admin, app manager, developer,
or marketing role
in App Store Connect.
Begin by clicking the plus mark
next to Custom Codes.
You'll then be prompted
to create and enter
your custom code.
Custom codes may be
up to 64 characters
and may not include
special characters.
Keep in mind that you won't
be able to edit the code
once you've created it.
Custom codes can't be used
for other offer campaigns
or subscriptions for your app.
To create a new campaign using
the custom code that's already
being used by a different offer,
you must first
deactivate the code.
You'll then select
a redemption limit,
which is the total
number of customers
that can redeem
this custom code.
You can choose a limit of up
to 25,000 redemptions at a time,
but if you need more,
you can use the same custom code
multiple times
on the same offer.
Up to 150,000 redemptions
per app, per quarter.
Next, you'll have the option
to choose an expiration date
to determine how long
the codes are valid.
To create codes
with no expiration date,
you'll select
the No Expiration Date option
from the date picker.
If you choose to select
an expiration date,
note that codes will expire
at 12:00 a.m. Pacific time
on the chosen date.
Expiration dates
may not be edited
after the campaign is live.
Finally, click on Create
to activate your offer.
You can have up to 10 offers
active at a time.
Offers can't be edited
once they're live,
so you'll need to create
a new offer in the event
that changes to customer
eligibility are needed.
As previously discussed,
codes can be used to create
redemption URLs that you can
share directly with users.
When the user taps on the URL,
they're taken directly
to the offer redemption page.
To create this URL,
simply copy the example link
from your offer details page,
then add the custom code
to the end of the URL.
And that completes
our feature overview.
I'll now hand it over to Raul
to discuss some
of the finer details
around engineering
your custom code campaigns.
Raul: Thank you, Bryan.
Now I'm going to discuss
things for you to consider
when planning and implementing
offer codes into your products,
application,
and back-end systems.
I'm going to cover
this in three sections.
First, we'll review redemptions,
then dive into
offer configuration,
and lastly, share some
StoreKit considerations.
Let's start with redemptions.
Before diving into redemptions,
some restrictions to be aware of
is that subscribers are limited
to one redemption
per configured offer code.
These offers are uniquely
identifiable by the name added
when you set them up
in App Store Connect.
Also, be aware that subscribers
cannot redeem an offer code
that will result
in a lower level
from their current
level of service.
It must be for
a higher-tiered SKU
or the same SKU
they're already subscribed to.
Ideally, this is taken
into account
with your eligibility logic
when targeting subscribers
with an offer.
A great way for your subscribers
to redeem your codes
is through the in-app redemption
sheet that you saw earlier.
This is the ideal experience
where subscribers will have
the ability to redeem an offer
directly in your app using
PresentCodeRedemptionSheet().
This will be the only scenario
where the redemption occurs
with your app actively
running in the foreground,
as the sheet will open
right on top of your app.
As a side note,
if you're displaying
codes within your app,
it may be beneficial
to make it easy for subscribers
to copy and paste the code.
A second redemption
option is the redeem URL,
where you will prepopulate it
with a custom offer code.
It is comprised of two values
to be aware of:
the idea of your app
and the offer code.
This is a good option
if you also want to advertise
your offer code
through a QR code.
As noted earlier, redemption
can occur outside of your app,
so it's important you listen for
Transaction.Updates at launch.
This is a best practice and
important for other scenarios
like Ask to Buy,
PSD2, and offer codes.
So with proper initialization,
it ensures no transactions
are missed.
On the other side,
called the finish method,
as it removes transactions
from the queue and it tells us
the customer has received
their items or service.
Between these two,
when implemented correctly,
you will provide an optimal
customer experience.
Now let's talk
about configuration.
When configuring offer codes,
there is a choice to also allow
the redemption
of the introductory offer.
I want to visualize
the subscriber experience
for either setting
that you may choose.
Let's take a simple scenario.
We have a standard
monthly subscription,
and we've configured it
with a one-week-free
introductory offer.
For a marketing campaign,
we have created a code
that offers free access
to our servers for one week.
Let's see what happens if we
do not allow the redemption
of both the intro offer
alongside the offer code.
When the subscriber
redeems their offer code,
the offer code goes
into effect immediately,
in this case, our one week free.
After the offer period,
the subscription renews
at the regular price.
Now, at some point
in the future,
the subscriber
may lapse or churn.
If they resubscribe,
since they are still eligible
for the introductory offer,
they would then receive
their one-week free trial.
So this configuration
just determines at what point
they will receive their
introductory offer.
This experience is just
something to keep in mind
when creating offers for a given
group that you're targeting.
Now what happens
if you choose to allow both?
Let's use that same
example scenario.
This time, when the subscriber
redeems their offer code,
the intro offer
goes into effect first,
followed by
the offer code period,
and then subscription renews
at the regular price.
I hope this helps illustrate
and provides more clarity
on what the configuration means
from a subscriber's experience
and helps you determine when
you want to allow or not allow
this redemption behavior.
Finally,
some StoreKit considerations.
With the original StoreKit API
and StoreKit 2,
you can see any redeemed offers
using the type
and identifier found with
the transaction or renewal info.
Offer Codes are type three
and the identifier will contain
the unique string you added
in App Store Connect
for each of your
configured offers.
If you have
a server-to-server setup,
you can get this information
using VerifyReceipt,
App Store Server API, and
Server Notifications Version 2.
Make sure you're parsing
the type OFFER_REDEEMED
notifications with their
corresponding subtype.
In summary of today's session,
custom codes are now available
and can be used for campaigns
that require wide distribution.
Test interrupted purchases and
your redemption code experience
by leveraging Sandbox.
Consider implementing
a redemption flow
within your app for the best
customer experience.
Clearly communicate
offer details,
eligibility requirements,
and how to redeem
in your communications,
including that customers
can only redeem
on iOS 14.2 or later.
If you're looking
for more information
or would like to reference
what we discussed today,
do visit our Developer website,
which is an excellent resource
that you can reference
at any time.
With that, I'd like to conclude
today's presentation.
We're very excited to launch
these new features
and can't wait to see
what you do with them.
Thank you.